Xiao Ming does control control himself
What would you say?
Control yourself
Control doesn't matter.
Hero Chen is here again, hi, Xiaoxinchang, eh?
Hero Chen is a new crab in my house today
It's pretty big.
I'll give you one, you're too kind.
Hey, what's wrong with you?
Why are you so haggard?
I'm imaginary brother
I'm waiting for you.
Don't let you mess around don't let you mess around
Be careful, grandma's family law resigns
I'm not messing around.
This sister-in-law and that best friend
That's pretty raw.
I can't even reply to him on WeChat now.
Afraid of what he looks like
both of us
Let's be together.
Hey, but brother, you and sister-in-law have been getting the certificate for so long
I haven't seen you selling
Is there any comparison?
Is this a little hand?
boss
Sublimation is on his account?
I'm going shopping.
Boss, get me some too.
Adi
He's back!
I'm back.
What do you want to eat?
celery
Then fry a carrot
I have something to discuss with you.
Let's snap up barbecue at 8 o'clock tonight
Is it about the happiness of sisters?
You are not allowed to come